feat[content]: Remnant will now trust the player after a certain point (with mission explaining it and additional hails for clarity) (#6947)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant 1 introduction.txt

mission "Remnant: Scanning Tolerances"
	name "Deliver Data to <planet>"
	description `Deliver data crystal to the researchers on <destination>.`
	landing
	deadline 15
	source
		government "Remnant"
	destination
		government "Remnant"
		not distance 0
	to offer
		has "license: Remnant Capital"
		not "remnant untrusted"
		not "Deep: Remnant 3: Revealed: done"
		random < 30
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You were just in the process of disembarking from <ship> when a young Remnant jogs up to you. "Good day, Captain <first>. Sorry to interrupt, but we have an urgent delivery that needs to go to Torza on <destination>. Could you deliver this please?`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You were just in the process of disembarking from <ship> when a young Remnant jogs up to you. "Good day, Captain <first>. Sorry to interrupt, but we have an urgent delivery that needs to go to Torza on <destination>. Could you deliver this please?"`
```
Missing quotation mark at the end?

			`	"You have not been with us too long, but you have shown yourself to be trustworthy and eager to help." He gestures at the display. "As you can see, your actions have not gone unobserved. We have decided to amend your IFF registration as a result. He points to a set of slots next to the table similar to the ones that are installed on your ship. "Please place both your licenses in those slots, and I will confirm your side of the change."`
			choice
				`	(place your licenses in the designated spots.)`
					goto comply
				`	"You have been watching me?"`
			`	"Yes. There is very little that goes on in our worlds that is not observed by someone, and sometimes it garners more attention than others." He looks at you. "You are one such. As a stranger among us, you were subject to much attention, although you probably did not notice most of it. Some felt it was too risky to trust you as far as we did, but the consensus was that you are worth the trust. Now," he gestures towards the console again. "place your licenses there please."`
			label comply

> 			`	He slots several things that look similar to but different from your licenses into slots on his side of the table and taps several controls. "You are not  yet one of us, but this is one step closer to being such. Your IFF signature has been updated, and our ship's databases will be updated within a day." He removes the licenses and hands yours back to you with a relieved expression. "We are a curious people, and we fully understand the search for knowledge and to learn more about one's surroundings. But we also know how important it is to maintain our secrets.`

Reviewer 2: There is an extra space here, in `you are not  yet one of us,`

Author: Thanks! It is now fixed. Also found another double space elsewhere in the same file. lol.

mission "Remnant: Scanning Tolerances"
	name "Deliver Data to <planet>"
	description `Deliver data crystal to the researchers on <destination>.`
	landing
	deadline 15
	source
		government "Remnant"
	destination
		government "Remnant"
		not distance 0
	to offer
		has "license: Remnant Capital"
		not "remnant untrusted"
		not "Deep: Remnant 3: Revealed: done"
		"reputation: Remnant" > 1
		random < 30
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You were just in the process of disembarking from <ship> when a young Remnant jogs up to you. "Good day, Captain <first>. Sorry to interrupt, but we have an urgent delivery that needs to go to Torza on <destination>. Could you deliver this please?"`

Reviewer 3: I'm generally dubious about referring to the player's ship by name like this (some names won't really work with a 'the'), but, where it is done, I think it should be consistent and I think there generally is a 'the' before it. In fact, later in this very mission, `the <ship>` is used.
```suggestion
			`You were just in the process of disembarking from the <ship> when a young Remnant jogs up to you. "Good day, Captain <first>. Sorry to interrupt, but we have an urgent delivery that needs to go to Torza on <destination>. Could you deliver this please?"`
```

			choice
				`	"Yes, I can."`
					goto agreement
				`	"What is it?"`
					goto questioning
				`	"Sorry, not right now."`
					defer
			label questioning

> 			`	"A data archive with the latest briefings and analysis. Heavily shielded and encrypted, of course, so no need to worry about it being accidentally showing up on a scanner. It does have to get there by <date> So, could you do it?" They hold out a small case with a data crystal visible through the window.`

Reviewer 3: I was not at all worried about it showing up on a scan, but ok.
```suggestion
			`	"A data archive with the latest briefings and analysis. Heavily shielded and encrypted, of course, so no need to worry about it showing up on a scan. It has to get there by <date>. So, could you do it?" They hold out a small case with a data crystal visible through the window.`
```

			choice
				`	"Yes, I can."`
					goto agreement
				`	"Sorry, not right now."`
					defer
			label agreement

> 			`	"Thank you." They hand you the case. "Take it to <destination> by <date>. Torza will meet you there."`

Reviewer 3: Is it entirely necessary to repeat the destination and deadline here?

Author: They are young, eager to do their job, and want to make it very clear that what's expected. 

On a meta level, there's very few Remnant missions that have a time limit, so I don't want to catch people by surprise.

	on complete
		event "remnant: scanning tolerance"
		conversation

> 			`You step out of the <ship> to see a non-descript Remnant standing attentively next to the landing pad. "Captain <first>! We have been waiting for you." They lead you into a nearby bunker, inside a single Remnant is standing over what appears to be a hologram display of fortifications and what appears to be some troops and ships moving around.`

Reviewer 3: Am I sure it's a single Remnant and not just what appears to be a single Remnant? Is it really a bunker or does it just appear to be one?
```suggestion
			`You step out of the <ship> to see a non-descript Remnant standing attentively next to the landing pad. "Captain <first>! We have been waiting for you." They lead you into a nearby bunker, inside a single Remnant is standing over a hologram displaying fortifications and what appear to be troops and ships moving around.`
```

			`	"You have not been with us too long, but you have shown yourself to be trustworthy and eager to help." He gestures at the display. "As you can see, your actions have not gone unobserved. We have decided to amend your IFF registration as a result. He points to a set of slots next to the table similar to the ones that are installed on your ship. "Please place both your licenses in those slots, and I will confirm your side of the change."`
			choice
				`	(place your licenses in the designated spots.)`
					goto comply
				`	"You have been watching me?"`
			`	"Yes. There is very little that goes on in our worlds that is not observed by someone, and sometimes it garners more attention than others." He looks at you. "You are one such. As a stranger among us, you were subject to much attention, although you probably did not notice most of it. Some felt it was too risky to trust you as far as we did, but the consensus was that you are worth the trust. Now," he gestures towards the console again. "place your licenses there please."`
			label comply

> 			`	He slots several things that look similar to but different from your licenses into slots on his side of the table and taps several controls. "You are not yet one of us, but this is one step closer to being such. Your IFF signature has been updated, and our ship's databases will be updated within a day." He removes the licenses and hands yours back to you with a relieved expression. "We are a curious people, and we fully understand the search for knowledge and to learn more about one's surroundings. But we also know how important it is to maintain our secrets.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	He inserts several things that look similar to but different from your licenses into slots on his side of the table and taps several controls. "You are not yet one of us, but this brings you one step closer. Your IFF signature has been updated, and our ships' databases will be updated within a day." He removes the licenses and hands yours back to you with a relieved expression. "We are a curious people, and we fully understand the search for knowledge and to learn more about one's surroundings. But we also know how important it is to maintain our secrets.`
```

> 			`	"Going forward, you are now authorized to scan Remnant ships, and we encourage you to do so, although you should wait a day or two for the update to propagate through our fleet." He looks amused by something, but his serious expression returns. "Scanning each other is, after all, a valuable form of security that gives us opportunities to spot infiltrators and unknown contaminants on returning ships. Scans are uploaded to our databases for signature matching via the Quantum Entangled Communicator built into the IFF mechanism onboard your ship, and we will return information such as alien outfit identification and tactical scan readouts whenever possible to help you."`

Reviewer 3: How does this thing about them sending information to me work?

Author: You already see some of it. This is basically an in-game explanation for how you can head off and scan a ship from some alien race you've never met before and get consistent names for the outfits as well as a decent idea of what they do. Namely, that scan is being fed through the QEC (or at least, a hash of it that can be matched against records, since the actual scan is probably a fairly big data file), and they can either return a name and some info on it; or they can compare to their records and provide some feedback as to what it might be.

Granted, this doesn't solve the fact that we can do the same thing with a regular human scanner on a human ship from day 1; but we can imagine that a human scanner probably has records of all the typical human equipment. So while this doesn't actually fill in the plot hole, it at least provides a reasonable explanation for how this manages to work for the Remnant and the player working with them.

mission "Remnant: Scanning Tolerances"
	name "Deliver Data to <planet>"
	description `Deliver data crystal to the researchers on <destination>.`
	landing
	deadline 15
	source
		government "Remnant"
	destination
		government "Remnant"
		not distance 0
	to offer
		has "license: Remnant Capital"
		not "remnant untrusted"
		not "Deep: Remnant 3: Revealed: done"
		"reputation: Remnant" > 1
		random < 30
	on offer
		conversation
			`You were just in the process of disembarking from the <ship> when a young Remnant jogs up to you. "Good day, Captain <first>. Sorry to interrupt, but we have an urgent delivery that needs to go to Torza on <destination>. Could you deliver this please?"`
			choice
				`	"Yes, I can."`
					goto agreement
				`	"What is it?"`
					goto questioning
				`	"Sorry, not right now."`
					defer
			label questioning

> 			`	"A data archive with the latest briefings and analysis. Heavily shielded and encrypted, of course, so no need to worry about it showing up on a scan. It has to get there by <date>. So, could you do it?" They hold out a small case with a data crystal visible through the window.`

Reviewer 3: Is 'analysis' intended to be plural?

Author: fixed. Thanks!

			choice
				`	"Yes, I can."`
					goto agreement
				`	"Sorry, not right now."`
					defer
			label agreement
			`	"Thank you." They hand you the case. "Take it to <destination> by <date>. Torza will meet you there."`
	on complete
		event "remnant: scanning tolerance"
		conversation

> 			`You step out of the <ship> to see a non-descript Remnant standing attentively next to the landing pad. "Captain <first>! We have been waiting for you." They lead you into a nearby bunker. Inside a single Remnant is standing over a hologram displaying fortifications and what appear to be troops and ships moving around.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`You step out of the <ship> to see a non-descript Remnant standing attentively next to the landing pad. "Captain <first>! We have been waiting for you." They lead you into a nearby bunker. Inside, a single Remnant is standing over a hologram displaying fortifications and what appear to be troops and ships moving around.`
```

			`	The Remnant steps forward and accepts the case from you. The case pops open, and he slots the crystal into a spot on the display. He nods as the display pops up several confirmations of data integrity. "Well, you have certainly made many ripples since you arrived in our little corner of the galaxy." He gestures and the large display zooms in on a spot to show you walking through a spaceport outfitter. The display shifts to show you helping wounded onto your ship. The scene shifts again to show you launching the small stealth surveillance satellite. Then the table shifts back to the display of troop movements.`
			`	"You have not been with us too long, but you have shown yourself to be trustworthy and eager to help." He gestures at the display. "As you can see, your actions have not gone unobserved. We have decided to amend your IFF registration as a result. He points to a set of slots next to the table similar to the ones that are installed on your ship. "Please place both your licenses in those slots, and I will confirm your side of the change."`
			choice
				`	(Place my licenses in the designated spots.)`
					goto comply

> 				`	"You have been watching me?"`

Author: Hmm... This is a good pair of ideas. I'm not sure if I will have time to implement that in the immediate future, so I don't want to delay implementation of this for this. But I'm definitely thinking of how to implement this.

> 			`	"Yes. There is very little that goes on in our worlds that is not observed by someone, and sometimes it garners more attention than others." He looks at you. "You are one such. As a stranger among us, you were subject to much attention, although you probably did not notice most of it. Some felt it was too risky to trust you as far as we did, but the consensus was that you are worth the trust. Now," he gestures towards the console again. "place your licenses there please."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Yes. There is very little that goes on in our worlds that is not observed by someone, and sometimes these events garner more attention than others." He looks at you. "You are one such. As a stranger among us, you were subject to much attention, although you probably did not notice most of it. Some felt it was too risky to trust you as far as we did, but the consensus was that you are worth the trust. Now," he gestures towards the console again, "place your licenses there, please."`
```

			label comply

> 			`	Once you do as you are told, he inserts several things that look similar to but different from your licenses into slots on his side of the table and taps several controls. "You are not yet one of us, but this brings you one step closer. Your IFF signature has been updated, and our ships' databases will be updated within a day." He removes the licenses and hands yours back to you with a relieved expression. "We are a curious people, and we fully understand the search for knowledge and to learn more about one's surroundings. But we also know how important it is to maintain our secrets.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Once you do as you are told, he inserts several unique objects, which share similarities with your licenses, into slots on his side of the table and taps several controls. "You are not yet one of us, but this brings you one step closer. Your IFF signature has been updated, and our ships' databases will be updated within a day." He removes the licenses and hands yours back to you with a relieved expression. "We are a curious people, and we fully understand the search for knowledge and to learn more about one's surroundings. But we also know how important it is to maintain our secrets.`
```

			`	"Going forward, you are now authorized to scan Remnant ships, and we encourage you to do so, although you should wait a day or two for the update to propagate through our fleet." He looks amused by something, but his serious expression returns. "Scanning each other is, after all, a valuable form of security that gives us opportunities to spot infiltrators and unknown contaminants on returning ships. Scans are uploaded to our databases for signature matching via the Quantum Entangled Communicator built into the IFF mechanism onboard your ship, and we will return information such as alien outfit identification and tactical scan readouts whenever possible to help you."`

> 			`	He gives a tired sigh. "While I would enjoy answering a few of your questions, I should get back to supervising the operation." He gestures at the display, which has resumed showing the tactical movements of troops. "Thanks again for all your help, <first>!"`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	He gives a tired sigh. "While I would enjoy answering a few of your questions, I should get back to supervising the operation." He gestures at the display, which has resumed showing the tactical movements of troops. "Thanks again for all your help, <first>."`
```
A period just seems to fit the mood of a `tired sigh` rather than an exclamation point.
